this is something that that is a really
important topic for me is that there's
when you talk about personality through
extrovert introvert a lot of us really I
know I did this I was all wrong about
what confidence meant
I thought confidence was personality
trait gentleman I thought that people
that are outgoing or the confident right
and the truth is confidence is not a
personality trait at all it's a skill
and a lot of the extroverted people that
you know are actually very insecure I
used to be one of them I used to be the
kind of bossy crass loudmouth it didn't
believe in myself that didn't believe in
my ideas that didn't have the confidence
and the courage to really be the real me
Who I am who are not laws and all there
are a tremendous number of introverted
people that feel uncomfortable putting
the attention on themselves but they're
very very confident their ideas they
definitely believe in themselves and so
when you start to separate confidence
not as a matter of personality but as a
skill that you can acquire because
confidence is the ability to move in my
opinion from thought to action because
when you're a confident person you
believe enough in yourself and your
capability that you're willing to try
that you're willing to share to meet
confidence isn't the assuredness that it
turns out it's the willingness to try
[Music]
Oh